You are going to piss me off
My heart
My chest hurts. Ouch.
Okay, grandpa, stop pretending
Your vision is too grandiose
Okay okay don't talk about this
Ah Chen, I remember
The person who saved me today is a little girl
You try it
I found him, and he came to get me.
I want to thank my grandfather in person, don't worry.
I've asked Aoki to check it out.
If he wants to
I'll ask Aoki to bring him to pick you up
That's more like it.
Just go.
Why are you still sitting here?
I'll let you go
OK, then you have a good rest.
Hurry up and shoot
Mr. No. 4, then I'll go first, you have a good rest
Okay, got it.
Mr. Si can't find 15 younger brothers at this moment
Hello, who is I?
Mr. Siye Chen Si
What's the matter?
Is that so?
Thank you so much for saving my grandpa today.
I wanted to thank you in person.
No need, who said they knew?
Don't worry about Mr. Si
Is that so?
My grandpa knows you saved him and must see him
Or go on a hunger strike
Let's see if you are free to meet him with me.
Well, all right.
Then send me the address.
I'll pick you up tomorrow.
I don't need it, I can go by myself